---
title: Contribute to the Knowledge Base
author: Jeremy Ross
author_title: 'Director of Web'
author_url: 'https://gtma.agency'
author_image_url: ''
tags: [general]
slug: contributing-to-kb
---

## Getting Access
If you're intersted in contributing, reach out to me (Jeremy Ross), in the VanDevs slack channel with your github user and we'll get you set up.

<!--truncate-->
## What are we looking for?

### Contribute to the KB
Things that we'd love to see in the Knowledge base are any processes or approaches that you've found that make web dev easier, faster, more effiecent or more effective. It can be checklists, the way you set up SASS variables, how you use linting, tricks to getting the most from your favorite IDE, and more.

### Contribute to the blog
You are also welcome to contribute to the blog. That's a good place for news, showing off an approach that worked for a specific website (a custom menu, search and filter solution, unique footer (do those even exist?)). Again, anything that is an overall approach or strategy might be better suited for the Knowledge base, anything that is specific to one website can go in the blog. The blog is also a good place for industry news and announcements. Your take on new tech or interesting tooling that you love would also be a good candidate.

## How to use this site
This is a static site generated by https://v2.docusaurus.io/. You can pull down the repo and run locally, or feel free to make small changes or work directly in github. There will be limitations there, but we want to make it easy for anyone to get started.

Once you have it running, you only need to understand the basic file structure of the content area, and [markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/).

Once you clone the repo, run:

```
yarn start
```

Then you'll have a local version up and going.

To deploy, you can just push your changes up to the master branch and it will trigger a build on the Netlify infrastructure and be live in the next minute or so.